Oh
Romans cocaine she was talking about
ozone and his on the phone to his mom
she's abouts gonna date and that is very
cool
what are you doing you changed out
specific university usually was the
where is the hoodie
say good morning welcome to another week
Sunday today is very early I've been up
so early getting my hair and makeup done
because I am off to a dance competition
today in Norwich I'm just about to go
meet him down outside by the bikes I'm
gonna cycle over to where the Coach
pickup point is and it's actually yeah
it's dark why it's still dark outside I
do not like being up at this time
[Music]
how are you enjoying yourself
my knees
also we are in Norwich we are now moving
on to the Latin rounds we are very
excited that we specialize in charge
[Music]
okay so it is 8:45 and me and him are
now getting some food because we're very
hungry and it's been quite a long day
it's been quite boring because we've
been spending most of the time watching
dance and about 10 minutes actually
dancing it's been great we've come all
the way to Norwich Hall so yeah not
great the greatest success but the
chicken burger it's gonna make
everything better what are you making
very bad eggs okay so starting off this
week I'm actually on top of my work
which is good because I've got things
planned like four more tomorrow
yeah I'm still running outings if one
ever goes out because I actually haven't
been on any outings this term yeah apart
from the one right at the start of term
like the day after I got back because
it's been yellow flag the whole time
otherwise and if that's five times I've
got up for nothing I'm not an awning
morning person so that is not fun anyway
what can you do yes so didn't get back
until what midnight last night after my
dance competition it's now I'm quite
tired today but we're just gonna go
through it we've got a fairly free
afternoon I've got one supervision later
on so I'm gonna get my chemistry book
done the upside is I did get maths work
done while at the dance competition
yesterday so I've actually only got one
piece of set work to get done which I'm
hoping to get done this afternoon say
it's all going well
okay so we've we are awaiting awaiting
the rest of our group
yeah we're sitting really like
these tapes at the moment
sometimes hi guys welcome back to my
channel they describe we're taking every
page right now work for well we've just
finished the better to start here
because that's anyway basically we just
had this amazing former hall it's
basically embassy like to me that down
that way the Bible's empty the middle
tables over I know you've got like two
tables here which is just awesome anyway
so you can pretty cute we belong it
seems like very a moon if you don't like
family gatherings no I mean we've got
like wait guys what you think on the
hashtag get a girlfriend a girl it's
just about that we had a great time
now I mean who knows what's going on now
people are loving I don't have a ticket
but the queue anyway you up to what you
do it
normal grief one second oh one second
are you ready for this are you ready
grandma guru anything you're ready for
this jelly no I'm not ready for it
hashtag get her a boyfriend oh my god
yeah oh my god I don't think y'all check
around mama when I'm saying get a
boyfriend get any guff anymore we're
doing I'm hashtag get her a boyfriend
yeah struggles with males it has been
ghosted many a time and resource center
on the first rangers girls come on I'm
off Ella deserves some lovely guy yes
this is the page math men listen to page
yes yes my ex-boyfriend
[Music]
- go
my pages subscribers marilla's chip like
70 students as rootlets a friend
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
hello sir I am in group studies face
well gang some lighting over here that's
great so basically it is really young
like me but I've actually finished all
my work I've only got a bit of sciences
to do and I can't do that until tomorrow
when I'm in the earth sciences lab so
now I'm a loose end I might go and do
some laundry might just chill who knows
things are going good I'm a changed
person this term so we have gone all out
on laundry this evening and we're using
three machines yeah you heard me three
machines
I want to sorry there's not many people
doing their laundry this time so don't
feel about it's quite an evening so do
three those at once just because I
ruined so many of my jumpers last time
so I wanted to do a separate woolens and
then I've got my colours and my lights
such as laundry prune out really so it
is Friday morning I am now off to a
earth sciences lecture I had quite
productive morning I've had a rowing
outing this morning and then I had the
chemistry lecture I think I'm going to
stand earth lab after my lecture because
I've been set some supervision work we
have to like describe fossils and
identify them so might into a bit of
that get that done then yeah they're not
be supervision work free for like a good
few hours before my next piece is set
yay
[Music]
[Laughter]
have you all here welcome to your new
into the Arts Festival started out in
2015 it was started by Jesus students
and it was set up as an art festival to
honor the life of John Hughes he was a
very much loved member of the Jesus
community
[Music]
[Applause]
so I just got back from the John Hughes
art festival launch night event thing
that's happening at Jesus College this
evening it's like an annual arts
festival they hold and yeah it was
really it was really nice
now I'm going to go to bed actually gain
early night this evening it's a Friday
evening I haven't got lectures tomorrow
morning unlike a lot of people so yeah
no good enjoy lectures my family
visiting tomorrow so that'll be good of
course it's brunch tomorrow so I'm
pumped for that yeah I think I'm going
to try and go to sleep now there is a
party actually going on in my staircase
this evening hopefully that's not going
to keep me up too much but I feel like I
feel like hit me fine I feel happy ask
your sleep and they should we'll be
heading out soon anyway so it's all good
so yeah signing off thank you for
watching another week of my life and
yeah see you soon bye